Social coding: Making a project punlic to produce higher code quality, new features 
, skill transfer , 

Git is respnsible for social coding 

Wokring in samll bathches 
Requires quick feedback 
Experiment more
Minimize waste

Small batches starts from the project backlog or stories . Thye need to be 
small enough to get a quive feedback in dev and ops

Minimum Viable Product 
It is an experiment to test your value hypothesis and learn and understand
It focuses on learning not delivery

Test Driven Development 
If it's worth building it's worth testing, if it's not worth testing,
why are you wasting your time working on it? - Scott Ambler 
Making sure your code works as intended 
Wtite test cases before you write code 
Are you building 
You can use the thing right?

Red , Grren refactor: Write enough test cases to fal the code, write another 
to passthe code and refactor the code to make it better.
In order to create your devops CI/CD pipeline you have to automate your testing 

Behavior Driven Development
The Behavior of the system as described from the outside in. If all the 
compenets can be integrated with each other. All work together on a higher 
level. Are you building the right thing?. It is documented using Gherkin 
syntax 
Gherkin syntaax: Given, when , and, when ,then

It is run by BDD tools such as python, buhay, java , cucumber or ruby
You can use the Gherkin syntax to write your acceptance criteria

Cloud Native Microservices
Each service maintinas it's own state in a persistent db/ in cloud 

The Microservice architecctural style is an approach to developeing a single 
application as a suite of small services, each running in its own process
and communicating with lightweight machanisms, often an HTTP resource API.
These services are built around business capabilities and independently 
ddeployable by fully automated deveopemt machinery - Martin Fowler and James
Lewis

Design for failure at the application level
- Retry pattern 
- Circuit breaker patteren
- Bulkhead pattern
- Chaos engineering

Summary and Highlights
Congratulations! You have completed this lesson. At this point in the course, you know:  

Social coding is coding as a community and public repositories and pair programming result in higher code quality. 

Working in small batches reduces waste and means quickly delivering something useful to the customer. 

Minimum viable product is as much about delivery as it is about building what the customer really desires. 

Test driven development is writing the test for the code you wish you had, then writing the code to make the test pass. It allows you to develop faster and with more confidence.

Behavior driven development focuses on the behavior of the system from the outside in. It looks at the system as a consumer of it. 

Behavior driven development improves communication by using an approachable syntax that developers and stakeholders can understand. 

Microservices are built around business capabilities and are independently deployable by fully automated deployment machinery.  

Cloud native architecture enables independently deployable microservices that take advantage of horizontal scaling and result in more resilient services. 

Failure is inevitable, so we design for failure rather than trying to avoid failure. 

It is important to embrace failure and quickly recover when failures happen.  